Dubious voting will allow Vladimir Putin to stay in office until he is 83 . Early results of a week-long vote on changes to the Russian constitution suggest Vladimir Putin will be able to remain in office for two more terms as president, taking him to 2036. Polling stations in Russia were kept open for several days from last Thursday to minimise the risk of spreading the coronavirus.

COVID-19 Survivor Released From Hospital After 72-Day Fight For His Life . CHICAGO (CBS) — A Carol Stream COVID-19 survivor is back home for the first time in more than two months, but he said there are days he can’t even remember. After 72 days battling COVID-19 Chuck Drungelo finally felt the fresh air outside Marianjoy Rehabilitation Hospital and an embrace from loved.

U.S. Reopenings Scaled Back; Vaccine Shows Promise: Virus Update . (Bloomberg) -- The latest surge in U.S. coronavirus cases spurred areas including New York City and California to pull back on reopenings, while more local governments instituted mask requirements. Apple Inc. will close more stores and McDonald’s Corp. paused resuming dine-in services. An early trial of an experimental vaccine from Pfizer Inc.

First-hand account of flying during COVID-19 . Senior Journalist Samantha Campbell shares her experience flying from Mount Isa to Brisbane as COVID-19 restrictions ease. Last weekend I took my first flight since the COVID-19 pandemic started and I was a little nervous. I caught a flight from Mount Isa to Brisbane to spend four days with family.

Bradford and Barnsley 'working hard' to prevent local coronavirus lockdown like Leicester . “As we take more and more steps towards returning to a more normal life, it’s easy to believe that Covid-19 is less of a threat to our health and the health of our family and friends. This is simply not the case. “We urge all residents to continue to follow the guidelines around staying at home as.

Coronavirus: 'I'm all for masks,' says Trump in change of tone . Image copyright . President Donald Trump, who has often pushed back against mask guidance from health officials, says he would wear one "in a tight situation with people". Mr Trump - who has avoided appearing in public with a mask - also maintained masks do not need to become mandatory to curb Covid-19's spread.

Trump says Covid-19 will 'disappear' after US reports record one-day increase . Eight states reported new single-day highs of freshly diagnosed cases on Tuesday, and the dire numbers follow a warning by the public health expert Dr Anthony Fauci that the US is “going in the wrong direction” and infections could more than double, to reach 100,000 cases a day.

Kanye West Reveals New Buzzcut Hair Makeover: See Before & After Pics . . Kanye West has a new summertime ‘do. He’s rocking a super short fade upon his return from a family trip with wife Kim Kardashian to their Wyoming ranch. is still all about his style game…as well as protecting himself from COVID-19! The rapper-designer was photographed on July 1 sporting a fresh.

The coronavirus is making our cells grow tentacles . In the search for coronavirus treatments, scientists looked at the changes that take place at the cellular level to identify potential drugs and compounds that could have an antiviral effect. The researchers observed that cells can develop tentacles after infection with the novel coronavirus, as.

California man who posted regret for attending party died a day later of coronavirus . A California man posted his regret on Facebook about contracting the coronavirus after attending a party in June. A day later, he died from COVID-19. On June 20, Thomas Macias, wrote an impassioned message on Facebook in which he lamented ignoring social distancing guidance. Thomas Macias died of complications from the coronavirus.

A Dallas Megachurch Had A Coronavirus Cluster. Then It Hosted Mike Pence. . , part political rally — was led by Pastor Robert Jeffress, a Fox News contributor and member of the White House Faith Initiative , created via an executive order by President Donald Trump in 2018. The event came just one day before the Texas Department of State Health Services reported more than.

Air bridge countries list: All the holiday destinations where quarantine rules might be dropped . Gatwick tackles luggage crisis Credit: PA:Press Association. A number of countries are expected to be left off the list - Portugal is likely to not be part of the plans, due to a spike in coronavirus cases, along with Sweden and the US. Instead, the UK is looking at allowing countries to form air bridge agreements under a new traffic light system.

Huge spike in COVID-19 cases overwhelm S Carolina tracers . COLUMBIA, S.C. (AP) — South Carolina reported more people in the hospital and more deaths from COVID-19 on Wednesday than any day since the pandemic began in March, overwhelming the ability to track cases and try to slow the spreading outbreak, the state’s top infectious disease specialist said.

Trump seems to support further stimulus payments, says he's 'all for masks' President Trump looks to be expressing support for another round of direct .  Drew Angerer/Getty Images Drew Angerer/Getty Images. President Trump looks to be expressing support for another round of direct payments for Americans — though the specifics are far from clear. Trump in an interview with Fox Business on Wednesday was asked if he supports more direct payments for individuals in another coronavirus relief bill.

Airports deploy thermal cameras to control Covid-19, science suggests it’s merely ‘safety theatre’ . “You have so many false positives and false negatives,” said Schneier. “If the thing beeps, what are the chances you have Covid? Well, it could be a couple of things. You could have the fever for another reason. The thing is wildly inaccurate, so it could also be wrong.” Health screening at airports has failed to detect most Covid-19 cases.

Letters: July 2 . Not just visitors I read, in the article Rule flouters ‘not welcome’ after Grand Bend jammed (June 30) our mayor is unwelcoming visitors to the beach. That might be legit, but I live here and shop at several places out of necessity. I always wear a face mask and have noticed a lot of times […]...
Trump ‘confident coronavirus will DISAPPEAR’ as cases continue to spike to record levels across country 
Trump is confident the virus will disappear Credit: AFP or licensors. When McEnany was asked about Trump's comments to Fox Business about the coronavirus, she replied: "The president's confident it will disappear. "He's confident that he's put together a revolutionary first-class team that is going to break through bureaucracy and get us a vaccine.

America in Crisis Museum curators documenting history in the making Stephanie Stone, Scripps National Correspondent 5:02 PM, Jul 01, 2020 . 2020 has proven to be a year to remember and museums want to make sure future generations will be able to see what we're living through right now. If you think about what you've seen and read about history, it's stories, often told through artifacts. At the Smithsonian's National Museum of African.

A 10-person brawl broke out at an Arkansas restaurant after people fought over social distancing guidelines . A fight broke out at Saltgrass Steak House in Little Rock, Arkansas, on Saturday after customers argued over social distancing guidelines. Video from the incident shows one woman yelling at a group of people who she says got too close to her. As the fight escalated, at least 10 people became involved.

Allegheny officials: Virus infecting more young people . and 109 on Tuesday. Bogen echoed the charge that many of the new cases are attributed to out-of-state travel. On Wednesday, she said the health department has identified at least 60 locations where infected individuals have visited, including many areas with lax coronavirus restrictions.

My Parents Grieved When I Came Out. Finally, I Understand Why. . The first time I cried during the pandemic, I was sitting on my future in-laws’ white couch in their Manhattan apartment. My fiancé and I were watching the movie about the guy who realizes the Beatles never happened, so he pretends to be the one who wrote their songs. It’s a great concept but a bad movie, though that’s not what prompted my tears.

Trump says he looks like Lone Ranger in a mask and likes it WASHINGTON (AP) — After long resisting wearing a mask in public, President Donald Trump sa .  Provided by Associated Press President Donald Trump speaks with reporters before departing on Marine One on the South Lawn of the White House, Tuesday, June 23, 2020, in Washington. (AP Photo/Alex Brandon) WASHINGTON (AP) — After long resisting wearing a mask in public, President Donald Trump said.

RHONY’s Ramona Singer tested positive for coronavirus antibodies after Leah McSweeney slammed her for pandemic partying . Ramona's daughter, Avery, also tested positive Credit: Instagram. She said in an interview with People that she mild symptoms in February, but the two never got tested for the virus. Ramona continued: “We both found out we have the antibodies, so we donated our plasma. "I had no energy. I just wanted to stay in bed all day.

Putin could stay in power until 2036 after referendum victory . With 55% of all precincts counted, nearly 77% voted for the constitutional amendments, according to officials. For the first time in Russia, polls were kept open for a week to bolster turnout amid the coronavirus pandemic a provision that Kremlin critics denounced as an extra tool to manipulate the outcome.

Please avoid this activity right now above all others . The coronavirus’ US impact is continuing to get worse with each passing day, with the COVID-19 virus continuing to easily spread around communities because of choices that people keep making. Dr. Anthony Fauci can’t understand why people keep making one particular choice going out to drink at bars.

The Papers: 'Wear masks in shops' and 'get back to the office' . Image caption Several of the front pages report that the government is set to make face coverings compulsory in shops in England. The Times says the prime minister is "poised" to make the change "after mounting evidence" they slow the spread of coronavirus.

Virus surge visible across Texas: 'The tsunami is here' AUSTIN, Texas (AP) — Urgent calls for field hospitals. Cars lined up for hours at drive-thru t .  Provided by Associated Press People wait inside their vehicles in line at COVID-19 testing site Wednesday, July 8, 2020, in Houston. (AP Photo/David J. Phillip) AUSTIN, Texas (AP) — Urgent calls for field hospitals. Cars lined up for hours at drive-thru testing centers. Bars boarded up and grocery stores enforcing masks.

Posey out for 2020 as MLB teams deal with churning rosters PHOENIX (AP) — San Francisco catcher Buster Posey became the latest well-known player to op .  Provided by Associated Press FILE - In this Monday, Feb. 24, 2020, file photo, San Francisco Giants catcher Buster Posey wipes sweat from his forehead during the first inning of a spring training baseball game against the Arizona Diamondbacks in Scottsdale, Ariz.

Tale of two Disneys highlight differences in Covid-19 strategies . Walt Disney begins reopening its Florida theme parks on Saturday, ending a four-month shutdown at one of the world’s most-popular tourist attractions. Guests will be able to ride to parks on the new Disney Skyliner – though just one family per gondola, please.

French bus driver dies after passengers assaulted him over face mask rules . A bus driver who was attacked in southwestern France by passengers who refused to wear face masks died on Friday, his family told French news agency AFP. Philippe Monguillot, 59, was the victim of an "extremely violent" assault on Sunday, which left him brain dead, said Marc Mariee, deputy public prosecutor of the Basque city of Bayonne.

Coronavirus: Winners and losers as Scotland eases more lockdown rules . Image caption Rachel Lawrence welcomed the chance to get back to work. The latest steps to ease the lockdown in Scotland have been met with tears of joy by some business owners - while others remain frustrated they do not yet know when they can reopen.

Coronavirus: 1 in 6 Mississippi lawmakers infected with Covid-19, forcing two-week shutdown of statehouse The Independent .  Provided by The Independent. 's statehouse has shut down for two weeks after 26 state lawmakers and 10 employees contracted the The latest outbreak has infected nearly a sixth of the state legislature, including the leaders of both chambers, following an active legislative period at the capital –.

Mary-Kate Olsen spotted out for first time two months after actress filed for divorce from Olivier Sarkozy . MARY-KATE Olsen has been pictured for the first time since her surprise divorce from Olivier Sarkozy in May. The 34-year-old fashion designer was pictured on Thursday outside the offices of her company The Row, which she started with twin sister Ashley. Mary Kate appeared to be thriving Credit: TheImageDirect.

Ibiza and Majorca to whack Brits with £530k of fines over illegal island raves . Brits who want to have it large on Majorca and Ibiza by hosting illegal raves could br slapped with massive £530,000 fines. Spanish cops are on the lookout to shutdown illegal 'covid' parties across the holiday islands when fun-loving Brits start to return to their sandy shores.

A number of new measures have been put in place to allow pubs to reopen . Seeing as pubs and bars recently reopened at the weekend - the landmark dubbed ‘Super Saturday’ - we wanted to see how much the experience has really changed in the wake of the COVID-19 pandemic. And what better place to test the waters than the key cornerstone of British culture? Yes, I’m talking about Wetherspoon’s.

Eminem Takes a Strong Stance Against Police Brutality in New Song With Kid Cudi . For Eminem and Kid Cudi's first collaboration, "The Adventures of Moon Man & Slim Shady" is a powerful one. The over-four-minute song tackles subjects like police brutality , COVID-19, the Oval Office, and more. In typical Eminem fashion, the rapper packs a punch with lyrics embroiled with activism , anger, and rhyme.

Posey out for 2020 as MLB teams deal with churning rosters . “These babies, being as fragile as they are for the next four months minimum, this wasn’t ultimately that difficult a decision for me,” he said. Arizona manager Torey Lovullo has developed a straightforward strategy to deal with his changing situation in the middle of a stress-filled pandemic.

Ghost town Britain: We're on the brink of bankruptcy - and only a return to work can save us . 'But we have said face coverings in closed spaces is advised, but people can use their own discretion - but of course we will keep this under review. 'This is a topic upon which scientists tend to have rather different views so we are looking at it as new scientific studies emerge.

England's pub-goers urged to socialise safely as 'lives depend on it' . Pub-goers are being urged to remember the importance of social distancing ahead of the second weekend of trading since the lifting of measures in England. Crowds on Old Compton Street in London's Soho last Saturday night were described as being "out of control," while Drinkers in Soho on Saturday July 4 as pubs reopened in England.

Revellers urged to socialise safely this weekend as ‘lives depend on it’ . Revellers are urged to remember the importance of social distancing as pubs gear up for the second weekend of trade since the lifting of lockdown measures. Crowds on Old Compton Street in London’s Soho last Saturday night were described as being “out of control”, and authorities are keen to avoid similar scenes this weekend.

Violation of Michigan Gov. Whitmer's Face Mask Order Subject to $500 Fine . Michigan Gov. Gretchen Whitmer’s executive order signed Friday requiring the use of face masks in indoor facilities and some outdoor public spaces includes a fine of $500 for anyone who violates the directive. Whitmer signed the order following an uptick in COVID-19 cases Michigan reported 612.

Americans at war over wearing masks as coronavirus cases reach new high . More than 60,500 new COVID-19 infections have been reported across the United States in one day, in a worrying new record. The total on Friday (Australian time) represents a slight rise from the day before, when there were 60,000 new cases, and marks the largest one-day increase by any country since.

Revellers urged to socialise safely this weekend as ‘lives depend on it’ PA Media .  Victoria JOnes The lifting of further lockdown restrictions in England came into effect on July 4 (Victoria Jones/PA) Revellers are urged to remember the importance of social distancing as pubs gear up for the second weekend of trade since the lifting of lockdown measures.

Revellers urged to socialise safely this weekend as ‘lives depend on it’ . Revellers are urged to remember the importance of social distancing as pubs gear up for the second weekend of trade since the lifting of lockdown measures. Crowds on Old Compton Street in London’s Soho last Saturday night were described as being “out of control”, and authorities are keen to avoid similar scenes this weekend.

Revellers urged to socialise safely this weekend as ‘lives depend on it’ . Revellers are urged to remember the importance of social distancing as pubs gear up for the second weekend of trade since the lifting of lockdown measures. Crowds on Old Compton Street in London’s Soho last Saturday night were described as being “out of control”, and authorities are keen to avoid similar scenes this weekend.

Face masks could be mandatory in shops, signals Boris Johnson . The government is considering making face masks mandatory in shops, Boris Johnson has indicated, as he was pictured wearing one in public for the first time. “As we get the virus down, in the way that we have, and we stamp out local outbreaks in the way that we are, I do think we need to be stricter.

Starbucks’ New Mask Policy Is The Closest Thing We Have To A National Mandate . On Thursday, July 9th, Starbucks announced that face masks would be required at all company-owned stores in the United States . The order, according to the announcement, will be in place regardless of whether or not a city- or statewide mandate to wear masks for a given location.

Editorial: Masks are a small inconvenience to save lives . With cases of COVID-19 spiking in Cincinnati, Hamilton County and across Ohio, local elected leaders made the prudent call by such as stores and restaurants. Kentucky Gov. Andy Beshear also mandated masks for 30 days in his state, leaving enforcement up to health departments. Ohio Gov.

Gov. Abbott warns of lockdown if spread of COVID-19 doesn't slow . AUSTIN, Texas (KTRK) -- With Texas continuing to break records for new coronavirus deaths and hospitalizations this week, Gov. Greg Abbott reiterated Friday afternoon that things will continue to get worse. And if people keep flouting his new statewide mask mandate , he said, the next step could be another economic lockdown.

COVID-19 reaches the Legislature as first person inside the building tests positive for the virus . An individual at the Legislature has tested positive for COVID-19, according to an email sent by Legislative Counsel Bureau Director Brenda Erdoes to lawmakers on Friday and obtained by The Nevada Independent. The email did not specify who in the building tested positive for the virus, including.

Pink-caped Chilean deputy brings lawmakers to their feet to celebrate coronavirus bill  .  /RODRIGO GARRIDO Congressional session to vote a constitutional reform on pensions in Valparaiso. By Aislinn Laing. SANTIAGO () - A Chilean lawmaker launched hundreds of internet memes on Wednesday when she ran through congress wearing a pink cape and waving matching fans to.

Ten of the best face coverings from the High Street for every occasion . WITH a week to go before face coverings are compulsory while shopping, it is time to get yours. But which is best for your needs? Whether you want to stand out in the crowd, twin with your family or put comfort and safety over style, there is a mask for you. This Wolford mask is treated with a UV light to kill bacteria, viruses and germs.

London council seeks Mackie's advice on mask bylaw, delaying a decision despite Friday openings . No one's forcing Londoners to mask up indoors to fight the coronavirus pandemic, at least not yet, but a mandatory mask rule could be looming.

The Papers: Coronavirus vaccine hopes and 'mask madness' . Image caption "Vaccine hopes rise", according to the Daily Telegraph, as scientists hail a breakthrough in the bid to beat Covid-19. Phase one human trials of the Oxford vaccine have shown it generates an immune response against the virus, the paper says.

Oklahoma’s Stitt is first governor to contract COVID-19 . OKLAHOMA CITY — Oklahoma Gov. Kevin Stitt announced Wednesday that he’s the first governor in the United States to test positive for the coronavirus and that he is isolating at home. Stitt, 48, said he mostly feels fine, although he started feeling “a little achy” on Tuesday and sought a test.

California hits record 11,000 daily cases amid coronavirus surge . A woman wearing a face mask crosses the street in Hermosa Beach on Tuesday, the day after Governor Gavin Newsom rolled back California’s reopening. Photograph: Apu Gomes/AFP/Getty Images. California recorded its largest number of coronavirus infections in a single day on Tuesday, amid efforts to .

Letters: Compulsory face masks didn’t stop a second Covid wave elsewhere . SIR – If anything should inform our Government about the pointlessness of face masks, it is Israel’s experience. Despite masks being compulsory, even on the beaches, Israel is experiencing the world’s worst second wave. Initially, the country had one of the strictest lockdowns, so this may have been caused by the economy opening up too quickly.

Sturgeon maintains quarantine stance after week of no Covid deaths in Scotland . Nicola Sturgeon has maintained her stance on potentially imposing quarantine restrictions on people travelling from England to Scotland after a week of the country registering no coronavirus deaths. The Scottish First Minister said she wanted to continue working “constructively” with English.

The Right Is Trying to Make the Kitchen-Table Economy Scream . When the House passed the HEROES Act in mid-May, Republican Senate majority leader Mitch McConnell called it “the legislative equivalent of stand-up comedy.” What’s so funny? Sending Americans a new and bigger stimulus check, extending expanded unemployment benefits for another six months, rental.

Vice President Pence defends Dr. Fauci . People gather to view a new sculpture, by local artist Marc Quinn, of Black Lives Matter protestor Jen Reid on the plinth where the Edward Colston statue used to stand on July 15, 2020 in Bristol, England. A statue of slave trader Edward Colston was pulled down and thrown into Bristol Harbour during.

Spring's coronavirus surge was bad, but 32 states are doing much worse now . While many states that suffered initial COVID-19 outbreaks experience a lull in new cases, others are adding cases 10 times faster than in their worst week in the spring. A USA TODAY analysis of Johns Hopkins University data shows 32 states are adding cases faster than in their worst spring week,.

Coronavirus Coronavirus can live on some masks for up to seven days KGUN Staff 5:32 PM, Jul 15, 2020 . New mandates for stores, cities and regions require many of us to wear masks in public, but researchers say it's important to treat them like a biohazard. Professor and Department Chair of Community, Environment and Policy at the University of Arizona Public Health College Kelly Reynolds said, while.

Dean Smith trying not to cry over cold chamber therapy ban at Aston Villa . Aston Villa boss Dean Smith has revealed his players are unable to use cryo chambers due to coronavirus fears. The 49-year-old is worried his squad cannot have access to the best treatment during the hectic schedule since returning from lockdown. Villa have played seven games in 29 days after the Premier League resumed last month.

Sturgeon maintains quarantine stance after week of no Covid deaths in Scotland . Nicola Sturgeon has maintained her stance on potentially imposing quarantine restrictions on people travelling from England to Scotland after a week of the country registering no coronavirus deaths. The Scottish First Minister said she wanted to continue working “constructively” with English.

Can you guess who is the celebrity behind the mask? . SAFETY-conscious stars are masking in glory amid the Covid-19 pandemic. From plain and functional to bold prints and even studded, they are covering up in style. But can you guess the masked singer from the disguised director? Here, we give clues to their identity, ahead of shoppers facing mandatory masks from next Friday .

Sturgeon maintains quarantine stance after week of no Covid deaths in Scotland PA Media .  Jeff J Mitchell First Minister Nicola Sturgeon wears a face mask during a visit to a shop in recent weeks (Jeff J Mitchell/PA) Nicola Sturgeon has maintained her stance on potentially imposing quarantine restrictions on people travelling from England to Scotland after a week of the country registering no coronavirus deaths.

Is it Safe to Travel by Train During the Coronavirus Pandemic? . But is train travel during the coronavirus safe? We talked to Amtrak’s corporate medical director, Ann Kuhnen, MD, as well as two epidemiologists about why these precautions matter, and what else you should know before booking a trip. Keep your distance in the station.

Brazil's Bolsonaro tests positive for coronavirus again . Brasília  Brazil President Jair Bolsonaro tested positive for coronavirus again, CNN Brazil said on Wednesday, quoting the far right leader, who underwent a new test on Tuesday. Bolsonaro, who at 65 is in a high risk group, said he would remain in quarantine at his official residence in.

Trump's net economic approval rating collapsed 15 points in one month, according to a new poll . from Quinnipiac University. As of June, 52% of voters approved of Trump's handling of the economy, while 45% disapproved. This month, Trump's economic approval stands at 44%, while his disapproval is at 53%. The numbers released Wednesday are Trump's worst net score on the economy since August 2017, Quinnipiac's poll found.

Trump Administration bypasses CDC on collection of coronavirus Hospital data . But the HHS database is not open to the public, which could affect the work of researchers, modelers and health officials who rely on CDC data to make projections and crucial policy decisions, the Times reported. "Historically, CDC has been the place where public health data has been sent, and this.

Return to normality worldwide looks further away . Arizona, Texas and Florida together reported about 25,000 new coronavirus cases today as restrictions took hold in the United States and around the world in an unsettling sign reminiscent of the dark days of April. The face-covering mandates, lockdowns, health checks and quarantine orders.

Trump launches another tirade against mail-in ballots then jokes that his OWN victory as rigged . The president was seen publicly wearing a mask for the first time last week during his trip to Walter Reed Medical Center – and the president finally conceded that he would wear a mask in more-crowded public situations. Trump has increasingly upped his criticism of mail-in voting as Democrats push.

Brazil’s president tests positive for COVID-19 again . BRASILIA, BRAZIL – JULY 14: Brazilian President Jair Bolsonaro walks in the official residence after testing positive of coronavirus (COVID-19) amidst the coronavirus pandemic in Alvorada Palace on July 14, 2020 in Brasilia. President Bolsonaro announced Tuesday July 07 he tested positive for COVID-19 after presenting symptoms.

Dean Smith trying not to cry over cold chamber therapy ban at Aston Villa . Aston Villa boss Dean Smith has revealed his players are unable to use cryo chambers due to coronavirus fears. The 49-year-old is worried his squad cannot have access to the best treatment during the hectic schedule since returning from lockdown. Villa have played seven games in 29 days after the Premier League resumed last month.

Scots celebrate reopening of pubs as nation reports no coronavirus deaths for full week . “At the peak of this outbreak more than 200 people were for a period being admitted to hospital every day. Let’s not take the risk of going back to that.” The milestone came as Scotland eased lockdown restrictions further. The First Minister said: “Today marks the biggest step for Scotland out of lockdown so far.

Global report: France reveals 400-500 active Covid-19 clusters as mask rules tighten France has made the wearing of face masks compulsory in all indoo .  Provided by The Guardian Photograph: Philippe Lopez/AFP/Getty Images. France has made the wearing of face masks compulsory in all indoor public spaces, warning of fines for those refusing to comply. As other countries, including Malaysia , said they were considering similar measures, the French.

Coronavirus live news: Trump backs face masks as 'patriotic', EU set to agree stimulus . Hello and welcome to our live coverage of the coronavirus pandemic with me, Alison Rourke. has said he will resume his daily coronavirus briefings which stopped abruptly after the president (wrongly) suggested injecting disinfectant may be a way of treating Covid-19.

Coronavirus: Where can I go on holiday? A guide to destinations . Image copyright  Image caption Some beaches - like Cala Aiguablava Beach near Girona - are busier than others What restrictions are still in place? Visitors arriving from the UK will not be required to self-isolate - but you will have to undergo a temperature check. People must stay 1.5m apart in public.

The dos and don’ts when masks become mandatory in Melbourne . Here are the dos and don’ts of wearing masks in Victoria. How do you wear a mask? The most important thing is that the mask or face covering covers your mouth and nose and is snug. Not your forehead or your chin – it needs to cover your airways. Make sure there are no holes in the mask.

Struggling poll numbers pushed Trump to call mask-wearing ‘Patriotic’ . According to CNN, a source familiar with the President’s thinking said that his shift to encouraging mask-wearing came after a meeting with campaign aides at the White House last week. Campaign aides warned Trump that even internal poll numbers showed that Americans didn’t approve of his reluctance.

It’s becoming clear why the US’ response to COVID-19 is terrible . Trump's tendency to make things up in order to make himself look good also kicked in. Within the span of a few sentences, he went from "I think we have one of the lowest mortality rates in the world" to claiming the graph showed we had the "Number one low mortality fatality rates," even though the.

Mother who nearly died of COVID-19 meets her newborn son a month after he was born . 'It just didn’t feel normal,' she said. Jessica was 31 weeks pregnant when she was diagnosed with COVID-19. She contracted the novel illness just a few weeks after she returned to her job as a dental hygienist following the office's temporary shutdown in March due to the pandemic.

Trump news: President tweets photo of himself wearing mask and calls Covid-19 &apos;Invisible China virus&apos; after 140,000 Americans die . ‘They just started whaling on me’: Veteran speaks out after video of federal officers beating him Christopher David, a 53-year-old disabled Navy veteran, was so angry at the sight of federal officers sweeping up protesters in the last few nights on the streets of Portland, Oregon, that he decided to go and talk to them about it.

Customised 3D printed masks: A more comfortable fit? . The coronavirus pandemic has seen the wearing of masks becoming increasingly common, but finding one that is comfortable and fits well can be difficult. Imperial College London is researching how to create customised 3D printed face masks which could ultimately be used by healthcare workers.

Letters: July 21 . Mandating masks now unreasonable We have the lowest case numbers of COVID-19 we have had for months. And yet, for all this time, masks have not been made mandatory. We have less than 15 cases a day. This is a city of over 400,000 people. To make masks mandatory at this point, within this county,.

Texas passes 4,000 deaths, but Houston sees rates steady AUSTIN, Texas (AP) — Texas surpassed 4,000 deaths in the coronavirus pandemic Monday but offi .  Provided by Associated Press A man wearing a mask to protect against COVID-19 pass a sale sign and advertising at a business in San Antonio, Monday, July 20, 2020. Cases of COVID-19 continue to spike in Texas. (AP Photo/Eric Gay) AUSTIN, Texas (AP) — Texas surpassed 4,000 deaths in the coronavirus.

Couple with coronavirus given ankle tags because they refuse to self-isolate . A couple have been forced to wear electronic tags after refusing to sign a self-quarantine order. Health authority employees and police officers turned up at Elizabeth and Isaiah Linscott's home in Radcliff, Kentucky. They had tested positive for Covid-19 before refusing to sign a quarantine order pledging to isolate at home.

Donald Trump tweets image of himself wearing a mask and calls it patriotic . US President Donald Trump tweeted an image of himself wearing a face mask and indirectly called the act "patriotic" - a clear pivot away from his earlier reluctance to wear a facial covering in public. "We are United in our effort to defeat the Invisible China Virus, and many people say that it is.

Danger zones in Melbourne that have seen a huge spike in cases . The state's police commissioner is nervous about a Black Lives Matter protest planned for next weekend, which could see thousands gather in the CBD - and accused demonstrators of playing 'Russian roulette' with people's lives. Sources have told the Sydney Morning Herald that sector-targeted.

County leaders want united approach to mandatory masking . Just stay consistent. That’s the message London’s eight surrounding communities are promoting right now in the mandatory mask-wearing debate. “People want to know if they go to the Foodland in Dorchester or a grocery store in Strathroy, it’s going to be the same thing,” Cathy Burghardt-Jesson, the.

Couple ordered to wear electric ankle tags for not following lockdown rules . A pair of lockdown rebels have been given his-and-hers ankle tags in a bid to make them stick to the rules. Elizabeth Linscott says that she took a coronavirus test as a precaution before visiting her parents and grandparents. To her surprise she received a positive result the following day,.

White couple who pointed guns at St Louis protesters face criminal charges – live . Another political battle for St. Louis’ first black top prosecutor. In late June, when a white couple pointed guns at the racial justice protesters marching past their $1.15 million mansion in St. Louis, the photographs and the video of the incident immediately went viral. St.

US military medical teams dispatched to California hospitals hard-hit by Covid-19 . A medical staff member treats a patient suffering from Covid-19 at Scripps Mercy hospital in Chula Vista, California. Photograph: Lucy Nicholson/. medical teams have been deployed to five California hospitals to assist in a war against coronavirus that has taxed healthcare staff in hard-hit areas of the state.

Twitter Eviscerates Trump’s Hypocrisy After Firing Off ‘Patriotic’ Pro-Mask Tweet . We are United in our effort to defeat the Invisible China Virus, and many people say that it is Patriotic to wear a face mask when you can’t socially distance. There is nobody more Patriotic than me, your favorite President! pic.twitter.com/iQOd1whktN — Donald J.

Mike Pompeo wears face mask as he arrives in London for talks on China and Brexit . He was pictured descending from the steps of his aircraft wearing a face mask with the American flag on it. Mr Pompeo was then greeted by US Ambassador Woody Johnson, before departing the airport without talking to the press. The US and UK will have a number of topics to cover with one another,.

Trump endorses wearing a mask against Covid-19 after weeks of criticism, is immediately blasted for being too late . “Many people say it is patriotic to wear a face mask when you can’t socially distance,” Trump tweeted on Monday along with a black and white photo of him wearing just such a mask. “There is nobody more patriotic than me, your favorite president.” The president also took the opportunity to once again blame the worldwide pandemic on China.

Global report: France reveals 400-500 active Covid-19 clusters as mask rules tighten The Guardian .  Provided by The Guardian Photograph: Philippe Lopez/AFP/Getty Images. France has made the wearing of face masks compulsory in all indoor public spaces, warning of fines for those refusing to comply. As other countries, including Malaysia , said they were considering similar measures, the French.

He's back: Trump to re-up virus briefings amid lagging polls WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump is set to once again take center stage in the go . WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump is set to once again take center stage in the government's coronavirus response after a White House debate over how best to deploy its greatest and most volatile asset — him — played out in public as his poll numbers falter.

Coronavirus latest news: Death toll reaches 45,312 as Gov says vaccine trial is ‘a major breakthrough’ – LIVE updates . Customers who do not wear one will face a £100 fine, but it could be cut to £50 if they pay within a fortnight. Also, it has been compulsory for travellers to wear a mask on public transport since June 15, 2020. But Transport Secretary Grant Shapps said: “There will be exceptions to these rules for.

Trump shares picture of him in face mask and says it’s ‘patriotic’ to cover up when you can’t socially distance . PRESIDENT Donald Trump has shared a photo of himself wearing a face mask, saying it's "patriotic" to cover up when you can’t socially distance. The tweet, Trump's strongest endorsement yet for face coverings, marks the first time the president has tweeted a picture of himself with a mask.

